[1513] Fix mismatch H1 and titles (#1534)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/metrics-generator/span_metrics.md

---
aliases:
- /docs/tempo/latest/server_side_metrics/span_metrics/
title: Generate metrics from spans
---

# Generate metrics from spans

The span metrics processor generates metrics from ingested tracing data automatically.

> Span metrics aggregates request, error and duration (RED) metrics from span data.

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR specifically, but there's some inconsistency in the use of "span data" and "tracing data" in these two sentences. Might be worth ironing those out.

Author: Ursula is currently creating a glossary. I'll ask her to add span data and tracing data.

> The span metrics processor generates metrics from ingested tracing data automatically.
> Span metrics aggregates request, error and duration (RED) metrics from span data.

Author: ```suggestion
The span metrics processor generates metrics from ingested tracing data, including request, error, and duration (RED) metrics.
```
